[MUSIC PLAYING]
[THEME MUSIC]
>> Hi.
I'm Dr. Theresa Bullard,
host of "Mystery Teachings."
Now, today, we're going to
meditate on the archetypes
of the Star and the Moon.
Together, they help
us to find the light,
even in the darkest of nights.
The Star brings us hope and
it reveals our connection
to the cosmos, while the
Moon reorganizes our mind
and our physical body to
support our evolution.
Here's the formula
that you can follow
for invoking these two
archetypes of the Star
and the Moon into your life.
We'll first work with one at a
time, beginning with the Star.
And once you're ready, find
the Star card in your deck
and take it out.
Place this card in front
of you at eye level.
And go ahead and sit
on a meditation stool
or cushion so that you can place
the card on the table in front
of you at eye level, with
it upright on the table.
Then get yourself into a relaxed
position and a light meditative
state.
Take in several deep breaths.
Relax your body.
Begin to settle down.
Quiet your mind.
You want to bring your mind
to a state of emptiness.
And make sure that
you come to a positive
or at least a neutral
state of being
so that nothing is disturbing
you mentally or emotionally.
And once you're in
a peaceful state,
go ahead and open your eyes and
look at the image of the Star
card for a while.
For about five to 10 minutes,
study this card with your eyes
open.
Take in all its symbolism.
Memorize its imagery.
Study all the
details of this card.
And as you do,
contemplate their meaning.
Notice any subtleties that
you might not have caught
before or any new associations.
And really memorize this card
and imprint it upon your mind.
I'll remain silent now
for the next five minutes,
as we now meditate on the
symbolism of the card.
Then after those first
five to 10 minutes,
it's time to take
the card inside
and to work with it in your
mind for another 10 minutes
with your eyes closed.
So closing the eyes, recreate
the image of this card
within your mind.
Imagine that the frame of
the card is like a doorway.
And on the other
side of that door
is the scenery that you see
in the image of the Star card.
Build up all of its details, its
colors, the light of the stars
shining down in the
night sky, the woman
pouring the water
out of the vases,
also seeing the red
bird on the tree
off in the hills and the
mountain off in the distance.
Once this image is firmly
established in your mind
and you've worked with it
for about 10 minutes, next,
it's time to let
it come to life.
Imagine that you're walking
through that doorway.
And you're walking
into the scenery,
and it begins to take on a
three-dimensional, virtual
reality experience around you.
And everything comes to life.
As you move into this setting,
just observe for a while.
What does the star do?
Notice how she behaves.
Does she have any messages?
And most importantly, feel
the energy of the star.
Let it penetrate within you.
Feel what she's emanating.
Notice the vibrations.
And really allow this
experience to play out
within your active imagination,
using all five of your senses.
Once you feel that
energetic connection
to the life of the
Star card, next,
we're going to
merge with the star.
Become the star.
Feel her come alive within you,
and see yourself as the star.
When you feel this energy
awakening within you,
we're next going to take
on the posture of the star.
You're going to assume the
archetypal form and the body
position.
So going down on your
left knee and then
having your right leg
up at a 90-degree angle
to support and balance
you, your right hand
is pouring water from a
vessel into a pool of water,
while the left hand is pouring
the water out onto the ground.
And from this position, you're
going to say this affirmation.
"I am the daughter
of the firmament.
I am a galactic being.
The radiant energy of the
cosmos flows through me."
Really feel that
reverberating through you,
activating you at
a cellular level,
integrating the star
energy deep within you.
And when you're
ready, we're now going
to do the same process
with the Moon card.
So take out your Moon
card from the deck.
Place it in front of you
where you can meditate upon it
for about five to 10
minutes with your eyes open,
studying its imagery,
taking in all the details,
memorizing it,
noticing the symbols,
contemplating the meaning.
And work with this
card with your eyes
open for about
five to 10 minutes.
Build this image
within your mind.
Bring in all the
details, all the colors,
all the different beings
that are part of this card,
the pool of water, the crawfish
emerging, the path, the dog
and the wolf, the
two watchtowers, all
the way rolling over hills and
fields off to the mountaintop,
and the full moon shining
above, with moonbeams
and moonlight raining
down, and noticing
that the moon is a goddess.
She is alive.
She has consciousness.
After 10 minutes of
working with this image
and building it up
in your mind, it's
now time to let the
moon come to life.
Imagine that you're walking
through that doorway
into the scenery,
letting it take
on a three-dimensional
experience around you,
using your active imagination,
all five of your senses.
And let this scene
fully come to life.
Notice the dog and the
wolf howling at the moon.
Observe all the behaviors of
the various beings in this card.
And especially observe the moon.
And feel her energy
that she emanates,
her ways of being, her cycles,
her rhythm of flux and reflux.
Really connect to the energy
and the archetype of the Moon.
Once you feel this
connection, the next step
is to merge with the moon.
Become the moon.
See her coming alive within you,
and see yourself up in the sky,
shining the moonlight
down upon the Earth.
When you feel this connection
starting to integrate,
you're going to stand
up and actually take
on the archetype of the moon.
Imagine yourself as the moon
shining down from the sky
above.
Assume her archetypal form.
Feel her rhythms, her cycles,
your cycles, your rhythms.
And as you feel this connection
from this archetypal form.
you're going to state
this affirmation out loud.
"I am the ruler of
flux and reflux.
I am the cycle of evolution.
My light shines upon
the depths of the soul."
Allow that affirmation
to reverberate
throughout your being,
to activate your cells
and help you integrate
this Moon key even more
fully within your inner being.
When you're ready,
we're now going
to place both the Star and the
Moon keys next to each other
and meditate upon them together,
placing the Star on the left
and the Moon on the right.
As you look at them
and meditate upon them,
notice how they
contrast one another.
Notice also how they
complement each other.
Notice the similarities
and the differences.
The star stimulates
revelation within you,
while the moon stimulates
your unconscious evolution
at a deep cellular level.
Finally, we want to
take these energies
and express them
into our outer life.
So ways that we
can do that would
be to bring the primary
colors into our life,
into our environment,
in our dress.
And so for the Moon
and the Star key,
these are often associated
with deep purple and violet.
You can also meditate upon
these symbols and images daily
for the next week and continue
working with the affirmations
that we just used.
Contemplate the
meaning of each card
and how it applies to your life.
And watch for these archetypes
to appear in your dreams
and through synchronicities
in your life.
And analyze any messages
they might be delivering you.
And especially pay attention
to how you personally
embody the strengths and
the weaknesses of each one.
And then consciously
work to make improvements
in these areas.
And again, realize that when
we're working with archetypes
in this way and
we're invoking them,
they will set forces
in motion in your life.
So if you're going to engage
with this experiential process,
then commit to seeing
it all the way through.
We're almost to the end here.
Work with each key all the
way through this series, not
skipping any steps, and then
really give it your attention.
We're on home stretch.
Join me again, as
we explore further
into the 22 archetypes
of Tarot and how
they can help us to make our
big shift in consciousness.
[THEME MUSIC]